docs: update the repo README (#838)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: README.md

- [ ] Wallet integration
- [ ] Events querying/monitoring

## FAQ

### What dependencies do I need?

- [The latest `stable` Rust toolchain](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/master/introduction/installation.html);
- [`forc` and `fuel-core` binaries](https://fuellabs.github.io/sway/master/introduction/installation.html#installing-from-cargo).

### How can I run the SDK tests?

First, build the test projects using `forc`:

```shell
forc build --path packages/fuels
```

Then you can run the SDK tests with:

```shell
cargo test
```

> You can run only some part of the test. Using this syntax will run only the `types` module tests that contain the string `in_vector`, and show their outputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run specific tests. The following example will run all integration tests in `types.rs` whose names contain `in_vector` and show their outputs:
```
